Add support unify and split for content-item list (#3852)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **validate** command failed on valid complex layout rules and triggers.
* Fixed an issue where *validate* command failed with release notes files for assets modeling rules folder.
* Added support for `skip` property in **pre-commit** hooks.

> * Added support of **unify** and **split** commands for List.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support of the `List` content-item to the **prepare-content** and **split** commands.
```

> * Added support of the `List` content-item to the **prepare-content** and **split** commands.

Reviewer 2: please document changes to upload in the change log.

Author: I added a description of the `download`
Regarding the `upload`, it remains the same situation
